{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11560\viewh12640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Laca Text is a sans serif version of Laca. It was designed starting from the basic shapes of Laca. It is a cleaner version of Laca. Laca Text has characteristics like a bigger x-height, open counters, smaller ascenders. It works better in smaller text than Laca, because it keeps the structure without the stylistic features of Laca. Laca Text has more straight lines and follows the round shapes of Laca. Laca Text has true italics that are a bit quieter than Laca.  Laca Text as the name says it is more proper for long text but also for identity and branding. Laca Text is versatile, and it pairs well with Laca but also stands out by as an independent style. \
\
\
\
\
\
Toda persona tiene derecho a tomar parte libremente en la vida cultural de la comunidad, a gozar de las artes y a participar en el progreso cient\'edfico y en los beneficios que de \'e9l resulten. Toda persona tiene derecho a la protecci\'f3n de los intereses morales y materiales que le correspondan por raz\'f3n de las producciones cient\'edficas, literarias o art\'edsticas de que se autora. Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits. \
\
\
\
The sans serif companion of Laca\
\
Laca Text is a sans serif version of Laca. It was designed starting from the basic shapes of Laca.  Laca Text has characteristics like a bigger x-height, open counters, smaller ascenders. It was designed to work in longer text than Laca\
\
#275F78\
\
The Cherry Orchard\
\
Berry-type Fruits\
\
Photosynthesis\
\
Hydrangea Paniculata\
\
Botany\
\
Plantkunde\
\
Kasvitied\
\
Velvetleaf\
\
Alpine calamity\
\
European monkshood\
\
Anemone narcissi flora\
\
Asphodel\
\
Aristolochiaceae\
\
Grape Hyacinth\
\
Bird's-Nest Orchid\
\
Grass of Parnassus\
\
\
\
}